Fixed make init/run, docker-compose (#1)
justcoded/goprerender: README.md

#### Usage

To run docker compose stack just run `make up`.

> The prerender some URL you need to specify as query parameter, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prerender some URL you need to specify it as a query parameter, like this:
```
